Mathieu, 
I hope you weren't too disappointed that you didn't get to cum. There's nothing that turns me on more than getting you to that point of absolute desperate need and then telling you no. And now I've got all these tasks for you to do that are just going to make the ache so much worse. I almost feel sorry for you slut. Almost *grins at you* 
For your first task, I want you to stroke yourself 100 times and then edge as quickly as you can. You're going to do this for me 3 times today. You can do this all at once, or spread it out throughout the day however you like. All I care about is that you do them for me  
Do you know what I like to call that task? A good start! lol 
I love knowing that you're so desperate for me that even the slightest touch could set that cock off, so your next task is going to put that to the test. You're going to give 350 of the slowest, most frustrating strokes you can. If you manage to reach the edge, then I know you're exactly as desperate as I want you to be and the task is complete. But! If you can't reach the edge, then you need to make yourself suffer and build up that ache even more for me. 10 edges before the end of the day should do the trick *grins at you* 
I bet once you're done with these tasks, the last thing you'll want to do is touch that cock. So I think that's exactly what I'll make you do! *grins at you* 
It's fun to think up these tasks for you, but this whole time I keep thinking how much more I could make you ache if I was there with you. If I could lay you back on the bed, rub some lotion on my soft fingers before wrapping them around your cock and edging you over and over. Or better yet, crawling between your legs and letting my hot, wet mouth suck you past the point of desperation but NEVER the point of orgasm. That's why I think we need to get wet tonight. I want you to set a timer for 30 minutes. Then get wet for me *grins at you* I mean using any kind of lubrication you can find - lube, lotion, get the in the shower and get that cock all soapy. I don't care how you do it, but I want you to be be able to feel like every stroke is my mouth driving you insane. When you're all nice and lubed up, stroke and edge, stroke and edge until the time runs out. I want you to imagine your hands are my fingers, teasing and torturing you. I want you to imagine they're my lips sliding up and down your shaft, hovering motionless just below the head when you get close, then sucking you even harder once you've calmed down just enough not to blow. Mmmm sounds like this is going to be a VERY interesting night for you *grins at you* 
I hope you enjoy the tasks I've given you as much as I love knowing how much they're going to make you suffer *grins at you* 
Love, 
Mistress Chloé