Dear Mathieu, 


Did you think I was  gonna let you cum just now? Sorry little slut, it just wasn't in the cards tonight haha What I will do though, is let you do these tasks so you can ache even more for me. Look on the bright side! All this suffering today will make the orgasm feel that much better when I finally let you have one *smile* 


Your first task today is to give me 5 edges at the top of the next hour. That's it *grins at you* If it's time for you to edge and you can't do it for whatever reason, just carry your edges over to the top of the next hour. 



I bet you'll be aching a lot after that, but I'm just getting warmed up sissy. 


Your next task is to give me 15 edges whenever and however you can. I don't mind if you space them out throughout the day, or rush through them all at once. As long as you do them all, I'll be satisfied, even if you won't be *grins at you* 



Hmmm these are some good tasks for you, but I think we need one more big one to really drive the suffering home, don't you slut? *grins at you* 


It's fun to think up these tasks for you, but this whole time I keep thinking how much more I could make you ache if I was there with you. If I could lay you back on the bed, rub some lotion on my soft fingers before wrapping them around your achey cock and edging you over and over. Or better yet, crawling between your legs and letting my hot, wet mouth suck you past the point of desperation but NEVER the point of orgasm. That's why I think we need to get wet tonight. I want you to set a timer for 30 minutes. Then get wet for me *smiles innocently* I mean using any kind of lubrication you can find - lube, lotion, get the in the shower and get that cock all soapy. I don't care how you do it, but I want you to be be able to feel like every stroke is my mouth driving you insane. When you're all nice and lubed up, stroke and edge, stroke and edge until the time runs out. I want you to imagine your hands are my fingers, teasing and torturing you. I want you to imagine they're my lips sliding up and down your shaft, hovering motionless just below the head when you get close, then sucking you even harder once you've calmed down just enough not to blow. Mmmm sounds like this is going to be a VERY interesting night for you *wicked grin* 



That sounds like a full day of ache and frustration doesn't it? And that should get your dick ready for the torment it's going to suffer the next time you see me online *smiles* 



Enjoy! 



Princess Chloé
