Dear Mathieu, 


Since I didn't let you cum, I guess it's only fair I give you something to do with that  cute little cock for the rest of the day *grin* 


Your first task today is to give me 5 edges every hour for the next 2 hours starting at the top of the next hour. If it's time for you to edge and you can't do it for whatever reason, just carry your edges over to the top of the next hour. 



You want to know your next task will be for me Mathieu? Of course you do! lol 


Your next task is to give me 10 edges whenever and however you can. I don't mind if you space them out throughout the day, or rush through them all at once. As long as you do them all, I'll be satisfied, even if you won't be *grin* 



Hmmm these are some good tasks for you, but I think we need one more big one to really drive the suffering home, don't you slut? *wicked grin* 


You know what I love about being a tease? It's all the little ways I can take away your pleasure, stripping away everything that makes you feel good until you have nothing left to relieve the ache. Sounds so cruel, but at the same time so intriguing, doesn't it slave? *smile* So let's strip away some of your pleasure tonight. With this task, you owe me 100 edges. No that's not a typo, that's EXACTLY how many I mean. I'll offer you a lifeline though. For every porn picture you PERMANENTLY delete from your computer, you can take off 5 edges. For every video you delete I'll let you take off 20. So you decide - Do you want to suffer an insane amount of edges, or do you want to say goodbye to that precious porn collection of yours? It's your call *smiles innocently* Oh, and if you don't actually have any porn on your computer... Good job! You don't have to do any edges tonight at all, aren't you lucky? 


And I want you to wear your panties while doing all those tasks for me. I hope you have fun with these tasks today. I know I'm going to have fun whenever I think about you suffering for me *wicked grin* 



Enjoy! 



Princess Chloé
